Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Alicia Noedel: Good morning.
Morning.
Alicia Noedel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, not bad, not bad for Monday.
Alicia Noedel: He looks so pretty in purple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, thank you. It's nice to get me out of the white everyone smile isn't it.
Alicia Noedel: Is looks very angelic that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: It's very fitting
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want to get out of that color, just for today, try something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got this morons sweater that I like to wear. I thought I'd read this with it.
Alicia Noedel: Your glasses matched to your, your usually purple or they
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been. I couldn't find my blue ones. These are a little strong
Gwenevere Abriel: I think they were set for me standing back a little further for my screen. So it does, they will be a little sore later today. I can't find my little ones.
Alicia Noedel: I had to order some new ones because my prescription. It's like two years old.
Alicia Noedel: So I ordered two new ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter, quarter. I was thinking about all my clients. This week all y'all doing your gardening and doing your, your first attempt and learnings and was working with concrete and I am clueless concrete behaves. All of them so differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm yes I'm used to plaster I I use you know this texture paint and I've
Alicia Noedel: Done really different, though, super dad is
Gwenevere Abriel: Very different. And so the first level was quick dry. So I would mix it. So that was I wanted to die. This is a month ago I did the quick dry month ago I did perfect, but I didn't know that it was when they say quick
Alicia Noedel: It's fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rapid set like what the. So, that was making me cry. Then, but I did it. I did it by by myself, because no one's helping me so I have to mix it and do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that was stressful.
Alicia Noedel: So anyway, like mixing it, it wouldn't dry as fast, but of course you have to stop what you're doing.
Alicia Noedel: Pick it up during it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would had to take it by hand because it was underneath a sliding glass door a huge one like picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture for and underneath that they had used, would it rot it so I had to stuff it in there and I didn't know it got hot. I didn't. It ended up expanding and it put I don't even wanna talk about anyway. So that was my first attempt at learning
Alicia Noedel: Your house. You did that on your house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So then, so this weekend. I did note that it was raining this whole time. I didn't know I should have locked
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I did just 16 grit concrete.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. This time, I was like, Okay, I know it's not going to be that rapid said, I'll be okay because I had experimented what how to do knock down but so it is, but the vertical. So there's only this much space right about like that long strip of it underneath where blah, blah, blah. Just replace
Gwenevere Abriel: It proceeded to thunderstorm.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, gosh.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, it's crazy that there's
Alicia Noedel: No way to set concrete like that either.
Gwenevere Abriel: I persevered. I was like, all I said, well, if I start stressing out. I know my brain work won't work. Right, so I'm just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you do, I had to literally step back, because what I thought I had done for preparation work which is I had this tarp down and all of the dry concrete that fell out as I was making a mass was now wet and about to go over my deck.
Alicia Noedel: Oh no, oh gosh that's Suggs
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, and I'm dressed right
And I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have all these tools. All concrete out there, my bag is submit everything
Alicia Noedel: That's horrible. I'm so sorry. Glenn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pick up the bag, put that in the driest place, which was inside drugs, a concrete under shelter took the whole wet bag drug it out kind of made like a
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold the sides up and all that water.
Gwenevere Abriel: Onto water.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when the sun cleared went back out, did it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it did it again.
Alicia Noedel: Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was thinking about you guys. I was like, I'm gonna do it because this is what I've been talking about. And I just want to sit here and cry.
Alicia Noedel: That checks about all four of those questions on that one situation bravery, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony and I mean just just weird things like then last night. Right. So it's storming and I'm like, I want to give it a chance to dry this because it's going to take like a week or so to set and
Gwenevere Abriel: It kept reading. And so then going out with bags and then I'm like, Well, those are filled up with water, then it will dress in a poking holes in the bottom. So then it can drain, but at least is protected. I was just my
Gwenevere Abriel: I was a problem solver.
Gwenevere Abriel: So know
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little story. Just to let you know that I'm doing the same thing. You guys are
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, brain everywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do this weekend.
Alicia Noedel: Um, they my, my aunt and uncle came over to finish the door.
Alicia Noedel: On Friday, the day after. Yeah, the day after group.
Alicia Noedel: We tried to go outside in the morning and throw the trash and we were locked in our door knob wasn't put on right
Alicia Noedel: And so it was
Alicia Noedel: Wasn't turning
Alicia Noedel: Geez. So I took it apart and I put back together with a grown man who said he knew everything put on and put it on. Perfect. And we haven't had any problems that they
Girl.
Alicia Noedel: And we put on the screen. They put on the screen door but um
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, we did that and my plants everything sprouting now.
Alicia Noedel: Outside and inside
Alicia Noedel: Oh that's well yeah
Alicia Noedel: The corn is like super high. It's crazy.
Alicia Noedel: But that's pretty much it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How have you been thinking about, you know, doing a big piece of work around sort of that maintaining your inner truth, while in the presence of your mother. What are you noticing about that work.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: You had a little bump the other day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about it.
Alicia Noedel: We were in the kitchen cleaning like
Alicia Noedel: Seven o'clock at night and I was talking to her about how it's really nice to eat whatever we want, whenever you are
Alicia Noedel: Because when I was a kid, we couldn't do that. You know, we didn't have the money we and I couldn't eat cereal. I did o'clock at night. If I wanted, because there wasn't even cereal for the morning
Alicia Noedel: Baby, and I was just talking about it and she, I guess, you know, I didn't, I'm really good at reading people and she was washing dishes and I was walking around trying to clean and so I guess I didn't, you know, see her facial expressions or body movement, whatever. But I guess I
Alicia Noedel: I I've never, I've talked to her about it so many times.
Alicia Noedel: And I've never gotten this kind of pushback from her before.
Alicia Noedel: But a little while later, I was washing the BP bottles and I guess I'd lost. I lost one under something under her crib.
Alicia Noedel: And so it was kind of like old like on the inside like there was still milking it and so she ruined to this bottle and like started making it bigger deal like it wasn't about the bottle.
Alicia Noedel: Right. And I was like, It's okay, Mom, you know, I said, Oh, sorry. Let's just move on. Let's get over it and she was like, oh, says the person who reminds me every day. How hard of a life she had
Alicia Noedel: Like over
Gwenevere Abriel: Now how did, how did that make you feel right there. What was
Gwenevere Abriel: The AMA. I know it's complicated, but
To
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Alicia Noedel: Industry me
Alicia Noedel: It really hurt me at the moment at the exact moment I was very upset. I didn't show it.
Alicia Noedel: I just kinda like I was all I said, Wow, that's all I said
Alicia Noedel: Okay, you need to clean and I didn't address it that night.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We are starting nice and early today. We have plenty of time. Do you want to do. I'm pretty sure we have all the setup for em, Dr. If you could have a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just make sure I've got all your protective figures and you've got to save space and I see got an anchor room develops not quite done yet. But we've got distancing metaphor container protective figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did some em Dr today around that.
Alicia Noedel: That's what you want to do ready
Alicia Noedel: Okay. Am I gonna cry probably
Gwenevere Abriel: This actually takes some really specific preparation. So the phone will have to be set down don't don't feel rushed
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't feel rushed by it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we want to have to sort of
Alicia Noedel: All the same thing we did
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you know about shoulder width apart from the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this one, if we have done it. And we probably did a positive installation of those protective team.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably ended up feeling
Alicia Noedel: I have to clean up. I need to get a trash bag in here because you make me cry so much I have tissues all over
Gwenevere Abriel: The body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody said therapy was easy.
Alicia Noedel: There's physical and metaphorical messages.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I think I'm ready.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to. I'm going to keep a little bit of note. Let me make sure you've got those two. You've got the two containers about shoulder
Gwenevere Abriel: shoulder width apart. Okay, you've got me right in the center, so that if I were to point. Let me just see where your eyes go from left to right. So I can see if we're getting enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Distance. So they're literally there, right, the left and right in the phone.
Alicia Noedel: Because one phone up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here's what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your hand on. There we go. Yeah, you want to have me dead center in front so that when I do this, then the eyes do this.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to experience. Otherwise it's
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not getting the bilateral experience.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I think I got it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just checking. I can definitely be wrong. Is it possible that that left one is a little bit closer to your center your bodies that possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're literally right in front of you like this.
Alicia Noedel: It's not perfectly parallel with the right one is what it is. It's a little higher.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, water your water bottle, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm not too worried about the height. I'm more worried that that when you bring
Alicia Noedel: Is
Alicia Noedel: A little closer to me.
Alicia Noedel: There, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not I'm not too worried about that part what I'm worried about is that left
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see you looking left. That's my concern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think it is a matter of
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't normally have this much difficulty. I wonder what I'm doing wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a
Alicia Noedel: Little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're sitting back too far, it should only be wrist to nose distance, then I might be able to get more of a, of an eye movement. Now, let me see.
Alicia Noedel: I'm kind of off center with the camera, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that might okay see. So I mean, because I would typically
The wall.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all right. I should see. So now you look left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your eyes are in the center. I don't think it's going to work today. I'm sorry, I don't want to take a chance
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some reason, whenever your eyes go to the left there just center, they're not going left like this.
Alicia Noedel: They might be too close.
Alicia Noedel: I mean, I'm too far. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Alicia Noedel: Still doing the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, that's better.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I also don't want to strain. So somewhere between that and sitting all the way back somewhere between. They're like, can you be comfortable. I know it's asking a lot so sorry. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that I think is going to get it. Alright, so we're going to go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's work on a target. One of the things you just said is
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that I've seen kind of keep repeating. And I want to ask you this hurt that you felt is that sad is the emotion sad when she said that passive aggressive comment to you.
Alicia Noedel: In a way. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you tell me sad. But it's a combination of sad and something else, maybe
Alicia Noedel: I'm I feel
Alicia Noedel: Defeated
Alicia Noedel: At the moment, oh no, right now, but
Alicia Noedel: When it happened. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I felt
Alicia Noedel: Really sad. I wasn't angry. I was really talking back like very
Alicia Noedel: It wasn't expecting it.
Alicia Noedel: So it caught me off guard.
Alicia Noedel: Really bad
Alicia Noedel: Surprised, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because normally you could see her an effect. And normally, but you weren't seeing her face because you are busy cleaning so
Alicia Noedel: We talked about it so many times that she and she's never ever responded that way.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I'm sure you know, it could have been a combination of know it's the end of the day, you know, they had just came fixed the door, whatever.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: make excuses for not in here. You get to let it out. You can be just
Alicia Noedel: Say that
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that that. So let's stay with what your experience was, which was this really sad and the additional part of really surprised you couldn't ready your emotional self or even your physical body for was to brace yourself for what's about to come
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you thought things are fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, came out of the blue.
Alicia Noedel: I shut down completely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let me have right now is we're talking about it. Let me just check in on your on your side how distressed, you are from zero to 100 100 is anger, fear, want to run out of the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: What number would you put it up just today 2020. Okay, so I'll put down here. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I'm still a little sore about it, but it's not
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. Give me, give me that statement. One more time, what mom said
Alicia Noedel: She said, says the person who reminds me every day that she had a hard life.
Alicia Noedel: Hard childhood. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Like as if those two things even compare to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That has nothing to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And we've got, we know the
Feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Is really sad. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: Motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Defeated
Gwenevere Abriel: Surprised
invalidated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah you got fancy one in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Elevated
Gwenevere Abriel: Destroyed
Gwenevere Abriel: And I shut down. That was the behavior. Your, your adaptation was I shut down. That's how you coped with it.
Alicia Noedel: As a tunnel vision.
Alicia Noedel: I couldn't think about anything else. I just, you know, I tried to, you know, do what I did the other day and
Alicia Noedel: But I couldn't a try, but it was just so overwhelming for me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's get into the
Gwenevere Abriel: belief about yourself. What did that experience. What did it say about who I am in that moment. So go to. I am what
Gwenevere Abriel: Try not to filter too much all all help you through it. Okay, just just had those first ones that come through, if you could share them them you and I'll weed out the ones that aren't perfect.
Alicia Noedel: Oh goodness see strong for dealing with it the way I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's that sounds like a positive one.
Alicia Noedel: Um, I feel like it was I'm whiny that's how it made me feel like I was whiny
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just stay there on that one for a moment, just want to check on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The check the belief you had about yourself at that moment, I'm whiny
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a complainer
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then there's a realization. Do you remember during that you really because remember you shut down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember thinking about yourself. I'm strong.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I remember thinking, you know, this is ridiculous. I know.
Alicia Noedel: I know how
Alicia Noedel: This is supposed to work and and you don't just get over things I'm
Alicia Noedel: Either I knew that I wasn't wrong.
Alicia Noedel: But, um, it just kind of made me
Alicia Noedel: second guess all the things I thought about
Alicia Noedel: My life like
Alicia Noedel: I don't want to say this.
Oh,
Alicia Noedel: It makes me feel like I wasn't as
Alicia Noedel: Like my mom didn't feel doesn't feel the way I feel about
Alicia Noedel: Like like as if I'm, you know, feeling very close and
Alicia Noedel: It made me feel like she's lying about loving like because of me. Why would you say this to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got you. That's the hard one to say there's another way to look at it just from for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least. Yeah. Your mom doesn't have new skill. She's not learning any of these things that you and I are working on together.
Gwenevere Abriel: All she has most of us pick up on aggression passive aggression withdraw acting out we pick up on those things just naturally when we're young.
Gwenevere Abriel: What she just did was she scratched you clock out to. So you would not continue talking. Okay. She got aggressive and hostile. It doesn't mean she doesn't love you. It just me. She did not know how to cope with that much honesty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I, you don't have to go to. I wonder if if the love that we have is real.
Alicia Noedel: I just, it's one of those things. It's been in the back of that question.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, been back of my mind my whole life.
Alicia Noedel: And you know, I try and push it away, but
Alicia Noedel: Every now and again it comes back and it makes me feel like my whole life is a lie because why would you treat me like that.
Alicia Noedel: If you you know
Alicia Noedel: I can never see myself talking to my daughter like are you. Don't be mean to her.
Alicia Noedel: This way sometimes she has, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is the suffering part right here. Do you feel that
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It happened that was painful, in and of itself. It's a beautiful thing. We have this this analytical mind that prefrontal cortex is beautiful in its analysis of what might come in the future, tying it into our past, but it's a source of torture.
Alicia Noedel: And I thought to myself, though, when
Alicia Noedel: Because I think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, that's what we're we're working on right now is to say
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a both and that happened, what you felt and experienced is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's also in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that
Alicia Noedel: Until this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Alicia Noedel: Been it's been it's Monday. It happened on Friday, and today I'm barely waking up and feeling like
Alicia Noedel: I've been silent for a while.
Alicia Noedel: Because I really
Alicia Noedel: stuck with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that in and of itself that piece you just did. I think it's a different target. I think it's probably a primary target the
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I love
Gwenevere Abriel: The big one right and
Gwenevere Abriel: You decide what you want to focus on this morning. You want it to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: His concepts of
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I think you're going to know with my next question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take this this experience that you had this weekend. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that very sad defeated surprise surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Bridget to your earliest, earliest recollection of that same feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can get about the oldest image of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to tell me about it. Just hold it. That's the difference about this exercise. Just hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is desensitization. It's. Yes. So all of the self soothing. If you want to rock.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to kind of have have some self soothing behaviors and also I want to remind you that when we do this activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: The goal is less sensitivity, although there may be an increase in it for a little while, maybe even days, the goal, the destination is putting the emotional experience of that event in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes, there's this sort of emotional hangover. That happens like what you did with yourself, right. Those days how painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: The difference is that when you and I do this work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might mean it's forever. In the past, and that the intensity, you won't have these episodes of day after day of having to question your own reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just want I'm offering you some reassurance that although on the front end. This might be intense later on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might mean there's a timestamp and it's set in the past. And now you can kind of go, you know what, that's not that's not happening now. I'm okay. I'm loved. So, do you have something in your mind right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: earliest age, you don't have any tell me what it is, but maybe how old you were might be handy.
Okay.
Alicia Noedel: I think nine those when things were probably worse. I'm years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I've got one in here.
Alicia Noedel: Around 29 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That's I've got a few stories like that in here, what, how does stress. Are you right now from zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Just give me a number.
Alicia Noedel: I think I'm we're like a 35 new
Alicia Noedel: Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah 35 will say age nine, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going to call this in validating is that or you want me to call it something else.
Alicia Noedel: As then that that you know he probably wouldn't even know
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to call it something that brings us back to that story if we have to
Alicia Noedel: I remember being shocked.
Alicia Noedel: Like I was and
Alicia Noedel: extremely upset questioning you know
Alicia Noedel: People's affection towards me.
Alicia Noedel: Didn't want to deal with it. I didn't know how to deal with it. So I didn't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to bring into your awareness, your resources. Your nurturing figure john the poet, a natural flow. Okay. I want you to bring into your awareness, your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Really intuitive instinctual self as it protective figure. And also, you've got, let me see Clarice Sterling and you've got Scooby Doo sort of bringing, bringing those guys into your awareness. Okay, and then to POC
Gwenevere Abriel: Who has zero self doubt. Okay. Can you see that bringing them all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confident, as well as
Gwenevere Abriel: The figure of course of Jesus Christ self sacrificing for everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a real sense of confidence in that as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: And whatever you don't want, you can sort of even though I'm saying it. You don't have to bring it in, but just at least have a wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: A nurturing figure and a protective figure just, just sort of get present with it for a moment. Let's do some installation. Once you get them real clear
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll do some nice slow iterations with those guys first
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're ready, and you have them in your mind. So I want you to just think about them and we'll do some nice slow bilateral movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just at the rate. You don't have to look at me just look left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just setting the pace. You don't have to look at me.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding on to those images.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being very present
Gwenevere Abriel: With your protective quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assurance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget to breathe into those. There we go. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: To close
It might be too.
Alicia Noedel: Dry
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's just stop right there. Let's. Okay. So, just tell me what's going on in your mind what's passenger there.
Alicia Noedel: Um,
Alicia Noedel: I got more of like
Alicia Noedel: Calm.
Alicia Noedel: Sort of
Alicia Noedel: Feeling like it's I felt more grounded.
Alicia Noedel: And better
Alicia Noedel: I'm kind of like having
Alicia Noedel: Like this, like a shield around me like it's okay I projected
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go, a shield and you're at 35 in a side subjective unit of distress. What number are you at now.
Alicia Noedel: 40 oh
Gwenevere Abriel: It went up.
Alicia Noedel: Oh,
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I mean a little bit for a minute. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now, same thing at a 40
Alicia Noedel: Oh no, I think it's like 30 again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So was that 35 for a moment, went to 40 and now it's at 3030. So I think that is just enough of
Gwenevere Abriel: Both relevant right it's not at zero, we're not talking about like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, do I brush my teeth starting on the left side of my mouth and my right side. Really, that's like zero stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus something we want it to be a little bit agitating right so then we're talking about something relevant, but at the same time, I also don't want you overwhelmed, you start to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of the hot feelings in the core stomach turning things like that when I check in with you. Feel free to tell me those things so that I know and I can check in and see if
Gwenevere Abriel: How this side is doing. So I want to do an actual desensitization. So these iterations are faster. Okay. And yes, the emotions might be there. They, you can always do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you can just stop. It's me. Okay. You should never going to do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's no way to do this wrong and you can't make a mistake. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to do my job correctly. So I want to make sure that I'm staying in tune with the stress level.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's um that negative cognition that you had
Gwenevere Abriel: Changed from I'm whiny
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not really still relevant to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, what's the negative cognition for this one.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: Mean complainer still but that's the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm, I'm a complainer, this is H nine. I'm a complainer, I'm like,
Alicia Noedel: Well, oh, at age nine,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What was it back then.
Alicia Noedel: I'm back then it was I'm not worried. I shouldn't be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there we go. I shouldn't be here. I'm not where I belong. I shouldn't be here.
Alicia Noedel: I don't deserve it. Yeah, I should have someone loves me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I should have a family that loves me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now those are thoughts. What does that say about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what
Alicia Noedel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what would you like to believe about yourself that would have felt just right. Let's go to the positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Or would have been often Uh huh. Like, I am what a positive thought about yourself.
Alicia Noedel: zillion
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have liked to have thought I'm resilient.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am resilient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the opposite of
Alicia Noedel: Hollywood. You know what that was, get, you know, but I would have felt it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So what's the opposite of resilient.
Um,
Alicia Noedel: I don't know if I can figure out where where it's like getting letting things beat you down.
This
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people in it therapy call themselves week when they go to the office of resilient. I'm certainly by no means saying that but I'm wondering if that's what
Alicia Noedel: Yeah. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now go back to that age, age nine, when the thoughts were, I shouldn't be here. I should have a family that was it loves me or cares about me.
Alicia Noedel: Both
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to it again. What do you think you believed about yourself back then I am what
Alicia Noedel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I am last. Okay, so we're going to do. We're going to take that negative, you're going to hold two things we're going to have that WORST piece. You didn't even tell him what it was, but you just hold that in your awareness to that memory at nine and I am lost
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to remind you
Gwenevere Abriel: That not only that but if you want to move away and you want to incorporate your resource figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do that at any time. You don't have to wait for me to invite you, that is always the case. You can also stop. You can do this or if you're onto something important to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say I want more. Keep going. Don't stop okay and kind of say just want to keep working through this. Maybe you like a fragment that came up
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Start now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's perfectly fine to cry. If you want to have to, that's okay. That's part of it too. I'll do it first short iteration of spin it won't start with that worst image of that memory and I'm lost. This is a faster pace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together. Inhale, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just kind of tell me what what passes through your mind.
Alicia Noedel: I feel
Alicia Noedel: Stuck
Alicia Noedel: Stuck and hopeless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuck and helpless go with that pull up the worst, worst part of that memory. Okay, we're still image. There's still pretty quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel your eyes moving left and right. Correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about right now.
Alicia Noedel: Pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me again.
Gwenevere Abriel: pain, pain, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you describe the pain.
Alicia Noedel: Physical
Gwenevere Abriel: Physical pain. So we're going to pull up that worst image that nine year old memory, pull it up and physical pain go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, inhale with me. Inhale, big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: This time, let your mind just go blank just for a moment, just look that quiet space happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just respect what you're doing and honor it gravity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's passing through your mind those thoughts.
Fear.
Alicia Noedel: Terrified.
Gwenevere Abriel: The feeling of being terrified.
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: An unproductive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unprotected okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we bring that protection back into awareness. Let's pull that in
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's bring in that notion of, who are your guys who got
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself, but also pull in, maybe even Jesus Christ sort of that that perfect what oftentimes is perfect love pulling into pocket and his self confidence and john the poet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe Clarice with keep she protects victims, she's waiting. She's smart and you have those attributes to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pulling that into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm terrified.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture that there's more to this moment. And that is, you can feel
Gwenevere Abriel: These other characters. These other figures are you seeing Jesus face. Are you getting a sense of the presence
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: hold those figures and this image that you have at nine. The sun's going to go a little slower because I want those positives right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's coming up for you now.
Alicia Noedel: well being and sense of well being.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what SAID, ARE YOU OUT WHAT NUMBER RIGHT NOW.
Alicia Noedel: About the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that it like 30
Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: ruin a little bit but
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you tune into the body. Maybe do a little bit of self soothing kind of noticing where the tension is maybe that right shoulder somewhere maybe somewhere there. What do you think, is there anything going on there.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean to just roll the neck and just sort of, let's just take time to
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to go again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: So worst image of that memory. And I'd like you to maintain keeping the sense of self assurance right with Tupac and the way he sings and he's a poet and same with with john the poet and yourself and Scooby Doo and all the pieces. Okay. I want them to be integrated and weaved in
Gwenevere Abriel: To the imagery. See if you can find a way to have an interaction with everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not forgetting the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remembering the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's here now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll probably be our last one today. Let's just spend some time kind of processing what happened here today. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What level of distress. Did it go
Up.
Alicia Noedel: Not necessarily.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what number. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I guess like
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, they go up a little bit.
Alicia Noedel: Little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's not end with it so
Gwenevere Abriel: At 35 let's maybe put it somewhere. So let's see what appeals to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Breath. Does it need to do the tell scorch drop
Gwenevere Abriel: Like we all kind of go over their hands on the rail and drop it off or is it something more like wanting to put it in the big fault size.
Gwenevere Abriel: bathroom with a tire tile.
Gwenevere Abriel: Iron spinning dial.
Alicia Noedel: Like the tire iron dial.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, those big dials.
Gwenevere Abriel: It changes. I got tile is the wrong word. So no good and tyrant. So, right, or maybe because maybe it's in there. We're going to pull it out again. So it's up to you. Where do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: In there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it goes in there. Give it a good spin
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to stay in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't actually have to process that you don't have to think about it, not in any sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know ruminative way doesn't need to take any more days away from you. Just knowing that if we want to pull it back out, we can take it out in in here, we can take it out in and continue to process it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what more do you think about what you're experiencing today was just share with me a little bit about how you're doing right now. What charges left in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there is any
Alicia Noedel: I feel
Alicia Noedel: Relieved, I feel like there was something on me that I didn't know was on like
Alicia Noedel: Holding on
Alicia Noedel: To things and
Alicia Noedel: If you're kind of like
Alicia Noedel: You know, like
Alicia Noedel: Relieved, I guess.
Alicia Noedel: Not as tense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is tense still present. Where's the charge still left in the body. Where is it still
Gwenevere Abriel: In the feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go to charge in the feet and what are they up to
clenching
Alicia Noedel: My toes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think they're up to. What do you think they're trying to tell you as far as the stuff that we're doing today.
Alicia Noedel: Probably feels like
Alicia Noedel: I'm in danger, you know,
Alicia Noedel: The, the emotions are so real to me.
Alicia Noedel: Feels like very when I put myself back in that situation, I feel the exact same things and it's it's intense
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So, and that's pretty important for for my understanding, because what that says to me, is it really is not in the past, yet. So I think you're going to, I think, when we continue this
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this is going to be effective for getting it so that it's not relived but let's pay attention to those feet. Can we do and I'll do myself, can you can you let those feet in form let those toes, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what I, I would suggest is, is put all all the pressure on the heel kind of lifting the front of the feet up, and then also balls of the feet, just sort of vacillating back and forth, you know, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe three. And notice how it feels, on the toes on the balls of the feet and then lifting and arching the front of the feet, you know, right at that ankle just lifting and how that feels. Can you feel the heel on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Ground
Gwenevere Abriel: Doll, is it sharp squishy just you tuning into the sensation and then switching
Gwenevere Abriel: Also the feet feel those toes to notice one toe holds all the pressure versus another were to to evenly distributed men just switching back and forth. Nice and easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then letting them come to rest with them flat on the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And expand your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that there's a tingling. Notice that there any other sensation and those feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: The arch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heel toes pad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the temperature and texture.
Gwenevere Abriel: As it makes contact with the skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice as gravity pulls those feet to the center of this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just breathe into that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you're experiencing right now in this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this
Gwenevere Abriel: is all there is. It's just right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have that honest awareness continue to travel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up through your ankles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Calves
Gwenevere Abriel: At that light of awareness and authentic consciousness move through the knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: Vice
Gwenevere Abriel: sit bones lower back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up the spine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Reaching the shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: off the back of the neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into the skull.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just being present in this body.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: how it feels to be you in this body right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, open eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of just do. We've got my next client isn't quite well actually got to run out and run a group, don't I but I still want to hear from you, though, I want to check in and see how you're doing at this point as we come to the end.
Alicia Noedel: Back to zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back to zero. Okay, how the toes are they still
Gwenevere Abriel: There. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe just take with you what you did. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were able to have almost real free live something you did some imagery and you made contact with those fields that were messaging you
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't run away from it you tuned toward it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, well that was that was inviting anyway and
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're feeling better. Some those to relax a little bit, but today when those other messages and the shoulder start creeping up
Gwenevere Abriel: Just drop them down say off something's going to you. You're on alert right just pay attention to what the body's trying to protect you from instead of running from it just tune in Word. See what it wants. What's its fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it, what is it's perceived threat. And if you need to go journal many rights and poetry around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the better.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will see you my Nana or on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday I think
Alicia Noedel: Have a great day.